README.md, before:

# Performance Testing
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![OpenFaaS](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=OpenFaaS&message=Serverless&color=blue)](https://www.openfaas.com/)
[![Multipass](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Multipass&message=VM&color=orange)](https://multipass.run/)
[![Locust](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Locust&message=Load-Testing&color=green)](https://locust.io/)

## Installation

Get [multipass.run](https://multipass.run)<br /><br />
Get **cloud-config-local.txt**<br />

```sh
curl -sSLO https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JadKHaddad/Openfaas-Performance-Testing-as-a-Service/main/cloud-config-local.txt
```
Replace the public key in **cloud-config-local.txt** with your own public key<br /><br />
Boot the VM:
```sh
multipass launch --cloud-init cloud-config-local.txt --name performance --cpus 2 --mem 2G --disk 10G
```
Get the VM's IP:
```sh
 multipass info performance
```
```sh
Name:           performance
State:          Running
IPv4:           172.17.136.33
                172.18.0.1
                10.62.0.1
Release:        Ubuntu 20.04.3 LTS
Image hash:     db49f99b5162 (Ubuntu 20.04 LTS)
Load:           0.28 0.12 0.04
Disk usage:     7.8G out of 19.2G
Memory usage:   1.2G out of 6.0G
Mounts:         --
```
```sh
IPv4:           172.17.136.33
```

## Usage
Paste the VM's **IP** in your browser<br /><br />

## Notes
The VM's **IP** may change with time. View the VM's **IP** if needed:
```sh
 multipass info performance
```

## TODO
* Windows comp.

## Contributors
* Jad K. Haddad <jadkhaddad@gmail.com>

## License & copyright
© 2021 Jad K. Haddad
Licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## You may also like
[Multipass + OpenFaaS + Performance Testing](Multipass-OpenFaaS-Performance-Testing-Server.md)<br />
[Local Serverless Functions Deployment [Kubernetes + OpenFaaS]](Local-Serverless-Functions-Deployment-Kubernetes-and-OpenFaas.md)<br />
[Multipass Ubuntu-Host Port-Forwarding](Multipass-Ubuntu-Host-Port-Forwarding.md)<br />
[Faasd with Multipass](https://github.com/openfaas/faasd/blob/master/docs/MULTIPASS.md)

Commit message:

Raising-the-Maximum-Number-of-File-Descriptors-(Open-Files)-on-Ubuntu.md added

README.md, after:

# Performance Testing
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![OpenFaaS](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=OpenFaaS&message=Serverless&color=blue)](https://www.openfaas.com/)
[![Multipass](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Multipass&message=VM&color=orange)](https://multipass.run/)
[![Locust](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Locust&message=Load-Testing&color=green)](https://locust.io/)

## Installation

Get [multipass.run](https://multipass.run)<br /><br />
Get **cloud-config-local.txt**<br />

```sh
curl -sSLO https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JadKHaddad/Openfaas-Performance-Testing-as-a-Service/main/cloud-config-local.txt
```
Replace the public key in **cloud-config-local.txt** with your own public key<br /><br />
Boot the VM:
```sh
multipass launch --cloud-init cloud-config-local.txt --name performance --cpus 2 --mem 2G --disk 10G
```
Get the VM's IP:
```sh
 multipass info performance
```
```sh
Name:           performance
State:          Running
IPv4:           172.17.136.33
                172.18.0.1
                10.62.0.1
Release:        Ubuntu 20.04.3 LTS
Image hash:     db49f99b5162 (Ubuntu 20.04 LTS)
Load:           0.28 0.12 0.04
Disk usage:     7.8G out of 19.2G
Memory usage:   1.2G out of 6.0G
Mounts:         --
```
```sh
IPv4:           172.17.136.33
```

## Usage
Paste the VM's **IP** in your browser<br /><br />

## Notes
The VM's **IP** may change with time. View the VM's **IP** if needed:
```sh
 multipass info performance
```

## TODO
* Windows comp.

## Contributors
* Jad K. Haddad <jadkhaddad@gmail.com>

## License & copyright
© 2021 Jad K. Haddad
Licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## You may also like
[Multipass + OpenFaaS + Performance Testing](Multipass-OpenFaaS-Performance-Testing-Server.md)<br />
[Local Serverless Functions Deployment [Kubernetes + OpenFaaS]](Local-Serverless-Functions-Deployment-Kubernetes-and-OpenFaas.md)<br />
[Multipass Ubuntu-Host Port-Forwarding](Multipass-Ubuntu-Host-Port-Forwarding.md)<br />
[Raising the Maximum Number of File Descriptors (Open Files) on Ubuntu](Raising-the-Maximum-Number-of-File-Descriptors-(Open-Files)-on-Ubuntu.md)<br />
[Faasd with Multipass](https://github.com/openfaas/faasd/blob/master/docs/MULTIPASS.md)
